# This file is generated by script/hassfest/codeowners.py

# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review

# when the code that they own is touched.

# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners

# Home Assistant Core

setup.cfg @home-assistant/core
pyproject.toml @home-assistant/core
/homeassistant/\*.py @home-assistant/core
/homeassistant/helpers/ @home-assistant/core
/homeassistant/util/ @home-assistant/core

# Home Assistant Supervisor

build.json @home-assistant/supervisor
/machine/ @home-assistant/supervisor
/rootfs/ @home-assistant/supervisor
/Dockerfile @home-assistant/supervisor

# Other code

/homeassistant/scripts/check_config.py @kellerza

# Integrations

homeassistant/components/bhyve/_ @sebr
tests/components/bhyve/_ @sebr
homeassistant/components/abode/_ @shred86
tests/components/abode/_ @shred86
homeassistant/components/accuweather/_ @bieniu
tests/components/accuweather/_ @bieniu
homeassistant/components/acmeda/_ @atmurray
tests/components/acmeda/_ @atmurray
homeassistant/components/adax/_ @danielhiversen
tests/components/adax/_ @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/adguard/_ @frenck
tests/components/adguard/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/advantage_air/_ @Bre77
tests/components/advantage_air/_ @Bre77
homeassistant/components/agent_dvr/_ @ispysoftware
tests/components/agent_dvr/_ @ispysoftware
homeassistant/components/air_quality/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/air_quality/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/airly/_ @bieniu
tests/components/airly/_ @bieniu
homeassistant/components/airnow/_ @asymworks
tests/components/airnow/_ @asymworks
homeassistant/components/airthings/_ @danielhiversen
tests/components/airthings/_ @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/airtouch4/_ @LonePurpleWolf
tests/components/airtouch4/_ @LonePurpleWolf
homeassistant/components/airvisual/_ @bachya
tests/components/airvisual/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/airzone/_ @Noltari
tests/components/airzone/_ @Noltari
homeassistant/components/alarm_control_panel/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/alarm_control_panel/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/alert/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/alert/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/alexa/_ @home-assistant/cloud @ochlocracy
tests/components/alexa/_ @home-assistant/cloud @ochlocracy
homeassistant/components/almond/_ @gcampax @balloob
tests/components/almond/_ @gcampax @balloob
homeassistant/components/alpha_vantage/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/ambee/_ @frenck
tests/components/ambee/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/amberelectric/_ @madpilot
tests/components/amberelectric/_ @madpilot
homeassistant/components/ambiclimate/_ @danielhiversen
tests/components/ambiclimate/_ @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/ambient_station/_ @bachya
tests/components/ambient_station/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/amcrest/_ @flacjacket
homeassistant/components/analytics/_ @home-assistant/core @ludeeus
tests/components/analytics/_ @home-assistant/core @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/androidtv/_ @JeffLIrion @ollo69
tests/components/androidtv/_ @JeffLIrion @ollo69
homeassistant/components/apache_kafka/_ @bachya
tests/components/apache_kafka/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/api/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/api/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/apple_tv/_ @postlund
tests/components/apple_tv/_ @postlund
homeassistant/components/apprise/_ @caronc
tests/components/apprise/_ @caronc
homeassistant/components/aprs/_ @PhilRW
tests/components/aprs/_ @PhilRW
homeassistant/components/arcam_fmj/_ @elupus
tests/components/arcam_fmj/_ @elupus
homeassistant/components/arest/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/arris_tg2492lg/_ @vanbalken
homeassistant/components/aseko_pool_live/_ @milanmeu
tests/components/aseko_pool_live/_ @milanmeu
homeassistant/components/asuswrt/_ @kennedyshead @ollo69
tests/components/asuswrt/_ @kennedyshead @ollo69
homeassistant/components/atag/_ @MatsNL
tests/components/atag/_ @MatsNL
homeassistant/components/aten_pe/_ @mtdcr
homeassistant/components/atome/_ @baqs
homeassistant/components/august/_ @bdraco
tests/components/august/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/aurora/_ @djtimca
tests/components/aurora/_ @djtimca
homeassistant/components/aurora_abb_powerone/_ @davet2001
tests/components/aurora_abb_powerone/_ @davet2001
homeassistant/components/aussie_broadband/_ @nickw444 @Bre77
tests/components/aussie_broadband/_ @nickw444 @Bre77
homeassistant/components/auth/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/auth/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/automation/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/automation/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/avea/_ @pattyland
homeassistant/components/awair/_ @ahayworth @danielsjf
tests/components/awair/_ @ahayworth @danielsjf
homeassistant/components/axis/_ @Kane610
tests/components/axis/_ @Kane610
homeassistant/components/azure_devops/_ @timmo001
tests/components/azure_devops/_ @timmo001
homeassistant/components/azure_event_hub/_ @eavanvalkenburg
tests/components/azure_event_hub/_ @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/azure_service_bus/_ @hfurubotten
homeassistant/components/backup/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/backup/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/balboa/_ @garbled1
tests/components/balboa/_ @garbled1
homeassistant/components/beewi_smartclim/_ @alemuro
homeassistant/components/bhyve/_ @sebr
tests/components/bhyve/_ @sebr
homeassistant/components/binary_sensor/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/binary_sensor/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/bitcoin/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/bizkaibus/_ @UgaitzEtxebarria
homeassistant/components/blebox/_ @bbx-a @bbx-jp
tests/components/blebox/_ @bbx-a @bbx-jp
homeassistant/components/blink/_ @fronzbot
tests/components/blink/_ @fronzbot
homeassistant/components/blueprint/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/blueprint/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/bluesound/_ @thrawnarn
homeassistant/components/bmw_connected_drive/_ @gerard33 @rikroe
tests/components/bmw_connected_drive/_ @gerard33 @rikroe
homeassistant/components/bond/_ @bdraco @prystupa @joshs85
tests/components/bond/_ @bdraco @prystupa @joshs85
homeassistant/components/bosch_shc/_ @tschamm
tests/components/bosch_shc/_ @tschamm
homeassistant/components/braviatv/_ @bieniu @Drafteed
tests/components/braviatv/_ @bieniu @Drafteed
homeassistant/components/broadlink/_ @danielhiversen @felipediel @L-I-Am
tests/components/broadlink/_ @danielhiversen @felipediel @L-I-Am
homeassistant/components/brother/_ @bieniu
tests/components/brother/_ @bieniu
homeassistant/components/brunt/_ @eavanvalkenburg
tests/components/brunt/_ @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/bsblan/_ @liudger
tests/components/bsblan/_ @liudger
homeassistant/components/bt_smarthub/_ @jxwolstenholme
homeassistant/components/buienradar/_ @mjj4791 @ties @Robbie1221
tests/components/buienradar/_ @mjj4791 @ties @Robbie1221
homeassistant/components/button/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/button/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/calendar/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/calendar/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/camera/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/camera/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/cast/_ @emontnemery
tests/components/cast/_ @emontnemery
homeassistant/components/cert_expiry/_ @Cereal2nd @jjlawren
tests/components/cert_expiry/_ @Cereal2nd @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/circuit/_ @braam
homeassistant/components/cisco_ios/_ @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/cisco_mobility_express/_ @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/cisco_webex_teams/_ @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/climacell/_ @raman325
tests/components/climacell/_ @raman325
homeassistant/components/climate/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/climate/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/cloud/_ @home-assistant/cloud
tests/components/cloud/_ @home-assistant/cloud
homeassistant/components/cloudflare/_ @ludeeus @ctalkington
tests/components/cloudflare/_ @ludeeus @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/coinbase/_ @tombrien
tests/components/coinbase/_ @tombrien
homeassistant/components/color_extractor/_ @GenericStudent
tests/components/color_extractor/_ @GenericStudent
homeassistant/components/comfoconnect/_ @michaelarnauts
tests/components/comfoconnect/_ @michaelarnauts
homeassistant/components/compensation/_ @Petro31
tests/components/compensation/_ @Petro31
homeassistant/components/config/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/config/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/configurator/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/configurator/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/control4/_ @lawtancool
tests/components/control4/_ @lawtancool
homeassistant/components/conversation/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/conversation/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/coolmaster/_ @OnFreund
tests/components/coolmaster/_ @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/coronavirus/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/coronavirus/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/counter/_ @fabaff
tests/components/counter/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/cover/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/cover/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/cpuspeed/_ @fabaff @frenck
tests/components/cpuspeed/_ @fabaff @frenck
homeassistant/components/crownstone/_ @Crownstone @RicArch97
tests/components/crownstone/_ @Crownstone @RicArch97
homeassistant/components/cups/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/daikin/_ @fredrike
tests/components/daikin/_ @fredrike
homeassistant/components/darksky/_ @fabaff
tests/components/darksky/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/debugpy/_ @frenck
tests/components/debugpy/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/deconz/_ @Kane610
tests/components/deconz/_ @Kane610
homeassistant/components/default_config/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/default_config/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/delijn/_ @bollewolle @Emilv2
homeassistant/components/deluge/_ @tkdrob
tests/components/deluge/_ @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/demo/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/demo/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/denonavr/_ @ol-iver @starkillerOG
tests/components/denonavr/_ @ol-iver @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/derivative/_ @afaucogney
tests/components/derivative/_ @afaucogney
homeassistant/components/device_automation/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/device_automation/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/device_tracker/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/devolo_home_control/_ @2Fake @Shutgun
tests/components/devolo_home_control/_ @2Fake @Shutgun
homeassistant/components/devolo_home_network/_ @2Fake @Shutgun
tests/components/devolo_home_network/_ @2Fake @Shutgun
homeassistant/components/dexcom/_ @gagebenne
tests/components/dexcom/_ @gagebenne
homeassistant/components/dhcp/_ @bdraco
tests/components/dhcp/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/diagnostics/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/diagnostics/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/digital_ocean/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/discogs/_ @thibmaek
homeassistant/components/discovery/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/discovery/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/dlna_dmr/_ @StevenLooman @chishm
tests/components/dlna_dmr/_ @StevenLooman @chishm
homeassistant/components/dlna_dms/_ @chishm
tests/components/dlna_dms/_ @chishm
homeassistant/components/dnsip/_ @gjohansson-ST
tests/components/dnsip/_ @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/doorbird/_ @oblogic7 @bdraco @flacjacket
tests/components/doorbird/_ @oblogic7 @bdraco @flacjacket
homeassistant/components/dsmr/_ @Robbie1221 @frenck
tests/components/dsmr/_ @Robbie1221 @frenck
homeassistant/components/dsmr_reader/_ @depl0y
homeassistant/components/dunehd/_ @bieniu
tests/components/dunehd/_ @bieniu
homeassistant/components/dwd_weather_warnings/_ @runningman84 @stephan192 @Hummel95
homeassistant/components/dweet/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/dynalite/_ @ziv1234
tests/components/dynalite/_ @ziv1234
homeassistant/components/eafm/_ @Jc2k
tests/components/eafm/_ @Jc2k
homeassistant/components/ecobee/_ @marthoc
tests/components/ecobee/_ @marthoc
homeassistant/components/econet/_ @vangorra @w1ll1am23
tests/components/econet/_ @vangorra @w1ll1am23
homeassistant/components/ecovacs/_ @OverloadUT
homeassistant/components/edl21/_ @mtdcr
homeassistant/components/efergy/_ @tkdrob
tests/components/efergy/_ @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/egardia/_ @jeroenterheerdt
homeassistant/components/eight_sleep/_ @mezz64 @raman325
homeassistant/components/elgato/_ @frenck
tests/components/elgato/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/elkm1/_ @gwww @bdraco
tests/components/elkm1/_ @gwww @bdraco
homeassistant/components/elmax/_ @albertogeniola
tests/components/elmax/_ @albertogeniola
homeassistant/components/elv/_ @majuss
homeassistant/components/emby/_ @mezz64
homeassistant/components/emoncms/_ @borpin
homeassistant/components/emonitor/_ @bdraco
tests/components/emonitor/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/emulated_kasa/_ @kbickar
tests/components/emulated_kasa/_ @kbickar
homeassistant/components/energy/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/energy/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/enigma2/_ @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/enocean/_ @bdurrer
tests/components/enocean/_ @bdurrer
homeassistant/components/enphase_envoy/_ @gtdiehl
tests/components/enphase_envoy/_ @gtdiehl
homeassistant/components/entur_public_transport/_ @hfurubotten
homeassistant/components/environment_canada/_ @gwww @michaeldavie
tests/components/environment_canada/_ @gwww @michaeldavie
homeassistant/components/envisalink/_ @ufodone
homeassistant/components/ephember/_ @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/epson/_ @pszafer
tests/components/epson/_ @pszafer
homeassistant/components/epsonworkforce/_ @ThaStealth
homeassistant/components/eq3btsmart/_ @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/esphome/_ @OttoWinter @jesserockz
tests/components/esphome/_ @OttoWinter @jesserockz
homeassistant/components/evil_genius_labs/_ @balloob
tests/components/evil_genius_labs/_ @balloob
homeassistant/components/evohome/_ @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/ezviz/_ @RenierM26 @baqs
tests/components/ezviz/_ @RenierM26 @baqs
homeassistant/components/faa_delays/_ @ntilley905
tests/components/faa_delays/_ @ntilley905
homeassistant/components/fan/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/fan/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/fastdotcom/_ @rohankapoorcom
homeassistant/components/file/_ @fabaff
tests/components/file/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/filesize/_ @gjohansson-ST
tests/components/filesize/_ @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/filter/_ @dgomes
tests/components/filter/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/fireservicerota/_ @cyberjunky
tests/components/fireservicerota/_ @cyberjunky
homeassistant/components/firmata/_ @DaAwesomeP
tests/components/firmata/_ @DaAwesomeP
homeassistant/components/fivem/_ @Sander0542
tests/components/fivem/_ @Sander0542
homeassistant/components/fixer/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/fjaraskupan/_ @elupus
tests/components/fjaraskupan/_ @elupus
homeassistant/components/flick_electric/_ @ZephireNZ
tests/components/flick_electric/_ @ZephireNZ
homeassistant/components/flipr/_ @cnico
tests/components/flipr/_ @cnico
homeassistant/components/flo/_ @dmulcahey
tests/components/flo/_ @dmulcahey
homeassistant/components/flock/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/flume/_ @ChrisMandich @bdraco
tests/components/flume/_ @ChrisMandich @bdraco
homeassistant/components/flunearyou/_ @bachya
tests/components/flunearyou/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/flux_led/_ @icemanch @bdraco
tests/components/flux_led/_ @icemanch @bdraco
homeassistant/components/forecast_solar/_ @klaasnicolaas @frenck
tests/components/forecast_solar/_ @klaasnicolaas @frenck
homeassistant/components/forked_daapd/_ @uvjustin
tests/components/forked_daapd/_ @uvjustin
homeassistant/components/fortios/_ @kimfrellsen
homeassistant/components/foscam/_ @skgsergio
tests/components/foscam/_ @skgsergio
homeassistant/components/freebox/_ @hacf-fr @Quentame
tests/components/freebox/_ @hacf-fr @Quentame
homeassistant/components/freedompro/_ @stefano055415
tests/components/freedompro/_ @stefano055415
homeassistant/components/fritz/_ @mammuth @AaronDavidSchneider @chemelli74 @mib1185
tests/components/fritz/_ @mammuth @AaronDavidSchneider @chemelli74 @mib1185
homeassistant/components/fritzbox/_ @mib1185 @flabbamann
tests/components/fritzbox/_ @mib1185 @flabbamann
homeassistant/components/fronius/_ @nielstron @farmio
tests/components/fronius/_ @nielstron @farmio
homeassistant/components/frontend/_ @home-assistant/frontend
tests/components/frontend/_ @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/garages_amsterdam/_ @klaasnicolaas
tests/components/garages_amsterdam/_ @klaasnicolaas
homeassistant/components/gdacs/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/gdacs/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/generic_hygrostat/_ @Shulyaka
tests/components/generic_hygrostat/_ @Shulyaka
homeassistant/components/geniushub/_ @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/geo_json_events/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/geo_json_events/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/geo_location/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/geo_location/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/geo_rss_events/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/geo_rss_events/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/geonetnz_quakes/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/geonetnz_quakes/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/geonetnz_volcano/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/geonetnz_volcano/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/gios/_ @bieniu
tests/components/gios/_ @bieniu
homeassistant/components/github/_ @timmo001 @ludeeus
tests/components/github/_ @timmo001 @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/gitter/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/glances/_ @fabaff @engrbm87
tests/components/glances/_ @fabaff @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/goalzero/_ @tkdrob
tests/components/goalzero/_ @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/gogogate2/_ @vangorra @bdraco
tests/components/gogogate2/_ @vangorra @bdraco
homeassistant/components/goodwe/_ @mletenay @starkillerOG
tests/components/goodwe/_ @mletenay @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/google/_ @allenporter
tests/components/google/_ @allenporter
homeassistant/components/google_assistant/_ @home-assistant/cloud
tests/components/google_assistant/_ @home-assistant/cloud
homeassistant/components/google_cloud/_ @lufton
homeassistant/components/google_travel_time/_ @eifinger
tests/components/google_travel_time/_ @eifinger
homeassistant/components/gpsd/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/gree/_ @cmroche
tests/components/gree/_ @cmroche
homeassistant/components/greeneye_monitor/_ @jkeljo
tests/components/greeneye_monitor/_ @jkeljo
homeassistant/components/group/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/group/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/growatt_server/_ @indykoning @muppet3000 @JasperPlant
tests/components/growatt_server/_ @indykoning @muppet3000 @JasperPlant
homeassistant/components/guardian/_ @bachya
tests/components/guardian/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/habitica/_ @ASMfreaK @leikoilja
tests/components/habitica/_ @ASMfreaK @leikoilja
homeassistant/components/harmony/_ @ehendrix23 @bramkragten @bdraco @mkeesey @Aohzan
tests/components/harmony/_ @ehendrix23 @bramkragten @bdraco @mkeesey @Aohzan
homeassistant/components/hassio/_ @home-assistant/supervisor
tests/components/hassio/_ @home-assistant/supervisor
homeassistant/components/heatmiser/_ @andylockran
homeassistant/components/heos/_ @andrewsayre
tests/components/heos/_ @andrewsayre
homeassistant/components/here_travel_time/_ @eifinger
tests/components/here_travel_time/_ @eifinger
homeassistant/components/hikvision/_ @mezz64
homeassistant/components/hikvisioncam/_ @fbradyirl
homeassistant/components/hisense_aehw4a1/_ @bannhead
tests/components/hisense_aehw4a1/_ @bannhead
homeassistant/components/history/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/history/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/hive/_ @Rendili @KJonline
tests/components/hive/_ @Rendili @KJonline
homeassistant/components/hlk_sw16/_ @jameshilliard
tests/components/hlk_sw16/_ @jameshilliard
homeassistant/components/home_connect/_ @DavidMStraub
tests/components/home_connect/_ @DavidMStraub
homeassistant/components/home_plus_control/_ @chemaaa
tests/components/home_plus_control/_ @chemaaa
homeassistant/components/homeassistant/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/homeassistant/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/homekit/_ @bdraco
tests/components/homekit/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/homekit_controller/_ @Jc2k @bdraco
tests/components/homekit_controller/_ @Jc2k @bdraco
homeassistant/components/homematic/_ @pvizeli @danielperna84
tests/components/homematic/_ @pvizeli @danielperna84
homeassistant/components/homewizard/_ @DCSBL
tests/components/homewizard/_ @DCSBL
homeassistant/components/honeywell/_ @rdfurman
tests/components/honeywell/_ @rdfurman
homeassistant/components/http/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/http/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/huawei_lte/_ @scop @fphammerle
tests/components/huawei_lte/_ @scop @fphammerle
homeassistant/components/hue/_ @balloob @marcelveldt
tests/components/hue/_ @balloob @marcelveldt
homeassistant/components/huisbaasje/_ @dennisschroer
tests/components/huisbaasje/_ @dennisschroer
homeassistant/components/humidifier/_ @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
tests/components/humidifier/_ @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
homeassistant/components/hunterdouglas_powerview/_ @bdraco
tests/components/hunterdouglas_powerview/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/hvv_departures/_ @vigonotion
tests/components/hvv_departures/_ @vigonotion
homeassistant/components/hydrawise/_ @ptcryan
homeassistant/components/hyperion/_ @dermotduffy
tests/components/hyperion/_ @dermotduffy
homeassistant/components/ialarm/_ @RyuzakiKK
tests/components/ialarm/_ @RyuzakiKK
homeassistant/components/iammeter/_ @lewei50
homeassistant/components/iaqualink/_ @flz
tests/components/iaqualink/_ @flz
homeassistant/components/icloud/_ @Quentame @nzapponi
tests/components/icloud/_ @Quentame @nzapponi
homeassistant/components/ign_sismologia/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/ign_sismologia/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/image/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/image/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/image_processing/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/image_processing/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/incomfort/_ @zxdavb
homeassistant/components/influxdb/_ @fabaff @mdegat01
tests/components/influxdb/_ @fabaff @mdegat01
homeassistant/components/input_boolean/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/input_boolean/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_button/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/input_button/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_datetime/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/input_datetime/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_number/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/input_number/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_select/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/input_select/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_text/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/input_text/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/insteon/_ @teharris1
tests/components/insteon/_ @teharris1
homeassistant/components/integration/_ @dgomes
tests/components/integration/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/intellifire/_ @jeeftor
tests/components/intellifire/_ @jeeftor
homeassistant/components/intent/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/intent/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/intesishome/_ @jnimmo
homeassistant/components/ios/_ @robbiet480
tests/components/ios/_ @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/iotawatt/_ @gtdiehl @jyavenard
tests/components/iotawatt/_ @gtdiehl @jyavenard
homeassistant/components/iperf3/_ @rohankapoorcom
homeassistant/components/ipma/_ @dgomes @abmantis
tests/components/ipma/_ @dgomes @abmantis
homeassistant/components/ipp/_ @ctalkington
tests/components/ipp/_ @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/iqvia/_ @bachya
tests/components/iqvia/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/irish_rail_transport/_ @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/islamic_prayer_times/_ @engrbm87
tests/components/islamic_prayer_times/_ @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/iss/_ @DurgNomis-drol
tests/components/iss/_ @DurgNomis-drol
homeassistant/components/isy994/_ @bdraco @shbatm
tests/components/isy994/_ @bdraco @shbatm
homeassistant/components/izone/_ @Swamp-Ig
tests/components/izone/_ @Swamp-Ig
homeassistant/components/jellyfin/_ @j-stienstra
tests/components/jellyfin/_ @j-stienstra
homeassistant/components/jewish_calendar/_ @tsvi
tests/components/jewish_calendar/_ @tsvi
homeassistant/components/juicenet/_ @jesserockz
tests/components/juicenet/_ @jesserockz
homeassistant/components/kaiterra/_ @Michsior14
homeassistant/components/kaleidescape/_ @SteveEasley
tests/components/kaleidescape/_ @SteveEasley
homeassistant/components/keba/_ @dannerph
homeassistant/components/keenetic_ndms2/_ @foxel
tests/components/keenetic_ndms2/_ @foxel
homeassistant/components/kef/_ @basnijholt
homeassistant/components/keyboard_remote/_ @bendavid @lanrat
homeassistant/components/kmtronic/_ @dgomes
tests/components/kmtronic/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/knx/_ @Julius2342 @farmio @marvin-w
tests/components/knx/_ @Julius2342 @farmio @marvin-w
homeassistant/components/kodi/_ @OnFreund @cgtobi
tests/components/kodi/_ @OnFreund @cgtobi
homeassistant/components/konnected/_ @heythisisnate
tests/components/konnected/_ @heythisisnate
homeassistant/components/kostal_plenticore/_ @stegm
tests/components/kostal_plenticore/_ @stegm
homeassistant/components/kraken/_ @eifinger
tests/components/kraken/_ @eifinger
homeassistant/components/kulersky/_ @emlove
tests/components/kulersky/_ @emlove
homeassistant/components/lametric/_ @robbiet480 @frenck
homeassistant/components/launch_library/_ @ludeeus @DurgNomis-drol
tests/components/launch_library/_ @ludeeus @DurgNomis-drol
homeassistant/components/lcn/_ @alengwenus
tests/components/lcn/_ @alengwenus
homeassistant/components/lg_netcast/_ @Drafteed
homeassistant/components/life360/_ @pnbruckner
homeassistant/components/light/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/light/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/linux_battery/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/litejet/_ @joncar
tests/components/litejet/_ @joncar
homeassistant/components/litterrobot/_ @natekspencer
tests/components/litterrobot/_ @natekspencer
homeassistant/components/local_ip/_ @issacg
tests/components/local_ip/_ @issacg
homeassistant/components/lock/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/lock/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/logbook/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/logbook/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/logger/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/logger/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/logi_circle/_ @evanjd
tests/components/logi_circle/_ @evanjd
homeassistant/components/lookin/_ @ANMalko @bdraco
tests/components/lookin/_ @ANMalko @bdraco
homeassistant/components/lovelace/_ @home-assistant/frontend
tests/components/lovelace/_ @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/luci/_ @mzdrale
homeassistant/components/luftdaten/_ @fabaff @frenck
tests/components/luftdaten/_ @fabaff @frenck
homeassistant/components/lupusec/_ @majuss
homeassistant/components/lutron/_ @JonGilmore
homeassistant/components/lutron_caseta/_ @swails @bdraco
tests/components/lutron_caseta/_ @swails @bdraco
homeassistant/components/lyric/_ @timmo001
tests/components/lyric/_ @timmo001
homeassistant/components/mastodon/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/matrix/_ @tinloaf
homeassistant/components/mazda/_ @bdr99
tests/components/mazda/_ @bdr99
homeassistant/components/media_player/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/media_player/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/media_source/_ @hunterjm
tests/components/media_source/_ @hunterjm
homeassistant/components/mediaroom/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/melcloud/_ @vilppuvuorinen
tests/components/melcloud/_ @vilppuvuorinen
homeassistant/components/melissa/_ @kennedyshead
tests/components/melissa/_ @kennedyshead
homeassistant/components/met/_ @danielhiversen @thimic
tests/components/met/_ @danielhiversen @thimic
homeassistant/components/met_eireann/_ @DylanGore
tests/components/met_eireann/_ @DylanGore
homeassistant/components/meteo_france/_ @hacf-fr @oncleben31 @Quentame
tests/components/meteo_france/_ @hacf-fr @oncleben31 @Quentame
homeassistant/components/meteoalarm/_ @rolfberkenbosch
homeassistant/components/meteoclimatic/_ @adrianmo
tests/components/meteoclimatic/_ @adrianmo
homeassistant/components/metoffice/_ @MrHarcombe
tests/components/metoffice/_ @MrHarcombe
homeassistant/components/miflora/_ @danielhiversen @basnijholt
homeassistant/components/mikrotik/_ @engrbm87
tests/components/mikrotik/_ @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/mill/_ @danielhiversen
tests/components/mill/_ @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/min_max/_ @fabaff
tests/components/min_max/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/minecraft_server/_ @elmurato
tests/components/minecraft_server/_ @elmurato
homeassistant/components/minio/_ @tkislan
tests/components/minio/_ @tkislan
homeassistant/components/mobile_app/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/mobile_app/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/modbus/_ @adamchengtkc @janiversen @vzahradnik
tests/components/modbus/_ @adamchengtkc @janiversen @vzahradnik
homeassistant/components/modem_callerid/_ @tkdrob
tests/components/modem_callerid/_ @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/modern_forms/_ @wonderslug
tests/components/modern_forms/_ @wonderslug
homeassistant/components/moehlenhoff_alpha2/_ @j-a-n
tests/components/moehlenhoff_alpha2/_ @j-a-n
homeassistant/components/monoprice/_ @etsinko @OnFreund
tests/components/monoprice/_ @etsinko @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/moon/_ @fabaff @frenck
tests/components/moon/_ @fabaff @frenck
homeassistant/components/motion_blinds/_ @starkillerOG
tests/components/motion_blinds/_ @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/motioneye/_ @dermotduffy
tests/components/motioneye/_ @dermotduffy
homeassistant/components/mpd/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/mqtt/_ @emontnemery
tests/components/mqtt/_ @emontnemery
homeassistant/components/msteams/_ @peroyvind
homeassistant/components/mullvad/_ @meichthys
tests/components/mullvad/_ @meichthys
homeassistant/components/mutesync/_ @currentoor
tests/components/mutesync/_ @currentoor
homeassistant/components/my/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/my/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/myq/_ @bdraco @ehendrix23
tests/components/myq/_ @bdraco @ehendrix23
homeassistant/components/mysensors/_ @MartinHjelmare @functionpointer
tests/components/mysensors/_ @MartinHjelmare @functionpointer
homeassistant/components/mystrom/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/nam/_ @bieniu
tests/components/nam/_ @bieniu
homeassistant/components/nanoleaf/_ @milanmeu
tests/components/nanoleaf/_ @milanmeu
homeassistant/components/neato/_ @dshokouhi @Santobert
tests/components/neato/_ @dshokouhi @Santobert
homeassistant/components/nederlandse_spoorwegen/_ @YarmoM
homeassistant/components/ness_alarm/_ @nickw444
tests/components/ness_alarm/_ @nickw444
homeassistant/components/nest/_ @allenporter
tests/components/nest/_ @allenporter
homeassistant/components/netatmo/_ @cgtobi
tests/components/netatmo/_ @cgtobi
homeassistant/components/netdata/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/netgear/_ @hacf-fr @Quentame @starkillerOG
tests/components/netgear/_ @hacf-fr @Quentame @starkillerOG
homeassistant/components/network/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/network/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/nexia/_ @bdraco
tests/components/nexia/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/nextbus/_ @vividboarder
tests/components/nextbus/_ @vividboarder
homeassistant/components/nextcloud/_ @meichthys
homeassistant/components/nfandroidtv/_ @tkdrob
tests/components/nfandroidtv/_ @tkdrob
homeassistant/components/nightscout/_ @marciogranzotto
tests/components/nightscout/_ @marciogranzotto
homeassistant/components/nilu/_ @hfurubotten
homeassistant/components/nina/_ @DeerMaximum
tests/components/nina/_ @DeerMaximum
homeassistant/components/nissan_leaf/_ @filcole
homeassistant/components/nmbs/_ @thibmaek
homeassistant/components/no_ip/_ @fabaff
tests/components/no_ip/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/noaa_tides/_ @jdelaney72
homeassistant/components/notify/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/notify/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/notify_events/_ @matrozov @papajojo
tests/components/notify_events/_ @matrozov @papajojo
homeassistant/components/notion/_ @bachya
tests/components/notion/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/nsw_fuel_station/_ @nickw444
tests/components/nsw_fuel_station/_ @nickw444
homeassistant/components/nsw_rural_fire_service_feed/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/nsw_rural_fire_service_feed/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/nuki/_ @pschmitt @pvizeli @pree
tests/components/nuki/_ @pschmitt @pvizeli @pree
homeassistant/components/numato/_ @clssn
tests/components/numato/_ @clssn
homeassistant/components/number/_ @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
tests/components/number/_ @home-assistant/core @Shulyaka
homeassistant/components/nut/_ @bdraco @ollo69
tests/components/nut/_ @bdraco @ollo69
homeassistant/components/nws/_ @MatthewFlamm
tests/components/nws/_ @MatthewFlamm
homeassistant/components/nzbget/_ @chriscla
tests/components/nzbget/_ @chriscla
homeassistant/components/obihai/_ @dshokouhi
homeassistant/components/octoprint/_ @rfleming71
tests/components/octoprint/_ @rfleming71
homeassistant/components/ohmconnect/_ @robbiet480
homeassistant/components/ombi/_ @larssont
homeassistant/components/omnilogic/_ @oliver84 @djtimca @gentoosu
tests/components/omnilogic/_ @oliver84 @djtimca @gentoosu
homeassistant/components/onboarding/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/onboarding/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/oncue/_ @bdraco
tests/components/oncue/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/ondilo_ico/_ @JeromeHXP
tests/components/ondilo_ico/_ @JeromeHXP
homeassistant/components/onewire/_ @garbled1 @epenet
tests/components/onewire/_ @garbled1 @epenet
homeassistant/components/onvif/_ @hunterjm
tests/components/onvif/_ @hunterjm
homeassistant/components/open_meteo/_ @frenck
tests/components/open_meteo/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/openerz/_ @misialq
tests/components/openerz/_ @misialq
homeassistant/components/opengarage/_ @danielhiversen
tests/components/opengarage/_ @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/openhome/_ @bazwilliams
homeassistant/components/opentherm_gw/_ @mvn23
tests/components/opentherm_gw/_ @mvn23
homeassistant/components/openuv/_ @bachya
tests/components/openuv/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/openweathermap/_ @fabaff @freekode @nzapponi
tests/components/openweathermap/_ @fabaff @freekode @nzapponi
homeassistant/components/opnsense/_ @mtreinish
tests/components/opnsense/_ @mtreinish
homeassistant/components/oru/_ @bvlaicu
homeassistant/components/overkiz/_ @imicknl @vlebourl @tetienne
tests/components/overkiz/_ @imicknl @vlebourl @tetienne
homeassistant/components/ovo_energy/_ @timmo001
tests/components/ovo_energy/_ @timmo001
homeassistant/components/p1_monitor/_ @klaasnicolaas
tests/components/p1_monitor/_ @klaasnicolaas
homeassistant/components/panel_custom/_ @home-assistant/frontend
tests/components/panel_custom/_ @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/panel_iframe/_ @home-assistant/frontend
tests/components/panel_iframe/_ @home-assistant/frontend
homeassistant/components/peco/_ @IceBotYT
tests/components/peco/_ @IceBotYT
homeassistant/components/persistent_notification/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/persistent_notification/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/philips_js/_ @elupus
tests/components/philips_js/_ @elupus
homeassistant/components/pi_hole/_ @fabaff @johnluetke @shenxn
tests/components/pi_hole/_ @fabaff @johnluetke @shenxn
homeassistant/components/picnic/_ @corneyl
tests/components/picnic/_ @corneyl
homeassistant/components/pilight/_ @trekky12
tests/components/pilight/_ @trekky12
homeassistant/components/plaato/_ @JohNan
tests/components/plaato/_ @JohNan
homeassistant/components/plex/_ @jjlawren
tests/components/plex/_ @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/plugwise/_ @CoMPaTech @bouwew @brefra @frenck
tests/components/plugwise/_ @CoMPaTech @bouwew @brefra @frenck
homeassistant/components/plum_lightpad/_ @ColinHarrington @prystupa
tests/components/plum_lightpad/_ @ColinHarrington @prystupa
homeassistant/components/point/_ @fredrike
tests/components/point/_ @fredrike
homeassistant/components/poolsense/_ @haemishkyd
tests/components/poolsense/_ @haemishkyd
homeassistant/components/powerwall/_ @bdraco @jrester
tests/components/powerwall/_ @bdraco @jrester
homeassistant/components/profiler/_ @bdraco
tests/components/profiler/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/progettihwsw/_ @ardaseremet
tests/components/progettihwsw/_ @ardaseremet
homeassistant/components/prometheus/_ @knyar
tests/components/prometheus/_ @knyar
homeassistant/components/prosegur/_ @dgomes
tests/components/prosegur/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/proxmoxve/_ @jhollowe @Corbeno
homeassistant/components/ps4/_ @ktnrg45
tests/components/ps4/_ @ktnrg45
homeassistant/components/pure_energie/_ @klaasnicolaas
tests/components/pure_energie/_ @klaasnicolaas
homeassistant/components/push/_ @dgomes
tests/components/push/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/pvoutput/_ @fabaff @frenck
tests/components/pvoutput/_ @fabaff @frenck
homeassistant/components/pvpc_hourly_pricing/_ @azogue
tests/components/pvpc_hourly_pricing/_ @azogue
homeassistant/components/qbittorrent/_ @geoffreylagaisse
homeassistant/components/qld_bushfire/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/qld_bushfire/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/quantum_gateway/_ @cisasteelersfan
homeassistant/components/qvr_pro/_ @oblogic7
homeassistant/components/qwikswitch/_ @kellerza
tests/components/qwikswitch/_ @kellerza
homeassistant/components/rachio/_ @bdraco
tests/components/rachio/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/radio_browser/_ @frenck
tests/components/radio_browser/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/radiotherm/_ @vinnyfuria
homeassistant/components/rainbird/_ @konikvranik
homeassistant/components/raincloud/_ @vanstinator
homeassistant/components/rainforest_eagle/_ @gtdiehl @jcalbert
tests/components/rainforest_eagle/_ @gtdiehl @jcalbert
homeassistant/components/rainmachine/_ @bachya
tests/components/rainmachine/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/random/_ @fabaff
tests/components/random/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/rdw/_ @frenck
tests/components/rdw/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/recollect_waste/_ @bachya
tests/components/recollect_waste/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/recorder/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/recorder/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/rejseplanen/_ @DarkFox
homeassistant/components/remote/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/remote/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/renault/_ @epenet
tests/components/renault/_ @epenet
homeassistant/components/repetier/_ @MTrab @ShadowBr0ther
homeassistant/components/rflink/_ @javicalle
tests/components/rflink/_ @javicalle
homeassistant/components/rfxtrx/_ @danielhiversen @elupus @RobBie1221
tests/components/rfxtrx/_ @danielhiversen @elupus @RobBie1221
homeassistant/components/ridwell/_ @bachya
tests/components/ridwell/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/ring/_ @balloob
tests/components/ring/_ @balloob
homeassistant/components/risco/_ @OnFreund
tests/components/risco/_ @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/rituals_perfume_genie/_ @milanmeu
tests/components/rituals_perfume_genie/_ @milanmeu
homeassistant/components/rmvtransport/_ @cgtobi
tests/components/rmvtransport/_ @cgtobi
homeassistant/components/roku/_ @ctalkington
tests/components/roku/_ @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/roomba/_ @pschmitt @cyr-ius @shenxn
tests/components/roomba/_ @pschmitt @cyr-ius @shenxn
homeassistant/components/roon/_ @pavoni
tests/components/roon/_ @pavoni
homeassistant/components/rpi_power/_ @shenxn @swetoast
tests/components/rpi_power/_ @shenxn @swetoast
homeassistant/components/rss_feed_template/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/rss_feed_template/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/rtsp_to_webrtc/_ @allenporter
tests/components/rtsp_to_webrtc/_ @allenporter
homeassistant/components/ruckus_unleashed/_ @gabe565
tests/components/ruckus_unleashed/_ @gabe565
homeassistant/components/safe_mode/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/safe_mode/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/saj/_ @fredericvl
homeassistant/components/samsungtv/_ @chemelli74 @epenet
tests/components/samsungtv/_ @chemelli74 @epenet
homeassistant/components/scene/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/scene/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/schluter/_ @prairieapps
homeassistant/components/scrape/_ @fabaff
tests/components/scrape/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/screenlogic/_ @dieselrabbit @bdraco
tests/components/screenlogic/_ @dieselrabbit @bdraco
homeassistant/components/script/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/script/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/search/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/search/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/season/_ @frenck
tests/components/season/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/select/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/select/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/sense/_ @kbickar
tests/components/sense/_ @kbickar
homeassistant/components/senseme/_ @mikelawrence @bdraco
tests/components/senseme/_ @mikelawrence @bdraco
homeassistant/components/sensibo/_ @andrey-git @gjohansson-ST
tests/components/sensibo/_ @andrey-git @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/sensor/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/sensor/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/sentry/_ @dcramer @frenck
tests/components/sentry/_ @dcramer @frenck
homeassistant/components/serial/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/seven_segments/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sharkiq/_ @ajmarks
tests/components/sharkiq/_ @ajmarks
homeassistant/components/shell_command/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/shell_command/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/shelly/_ @balloob @bieniu @thecode @chemelli74
tests/components/shelly/_ @balloob @bieniu @thecode @chemelli74
homeassistant/components/shiftr/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/shodan/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sia/_ @eavanvalkenburg
tests/components/sia/_ @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/sighthound/_ @robmarkcole
tests/components/sighthound/_ @robmarkcole
homeassistant/components/signal_messenger/_ @bbernhard
tests/components/signal_messenger/_ @bbernhard
homeassistant/components/simplisafe/_ @bachya
tests/components/simplisafe/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/sinch/_ @bendikrb
homeassistant/components/siren/_ @home-assistant/core @raman325
tests/components/siren/_ @home-assistant/core @raman325
homeassistant/components/sisyphus/_ @jkeljo
homeassistant/components/sky_hub/_ @rogerselwyn
homeassistant/components/slack/_ @bachya
tests/components/slack/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/sleepiq/_ @mfugate1 @kbickar
tests/components/sleepiq/_ @mfugate1 @kbickar
homeassistant/components/slide/_ @ualex73
homeassistant/components/sma/_ @kellerza @rklomp
tests/components/sma/_ @kellerza @rklomp
homeassistant/components/smappee/_ @bsmappee
tests/components/smappee/_ @bsmappee
homeassistant/components/smart_meter_texas/_ @grahamwetzler
tests/components/smart_meter_texas/_ @grahamwetzler
homeassistant/components/smartthings/_ @andrewsayre
tests/components/smartthings/_ @andrewsayre
homeassistant/components/smarttub/_ @mdz
tests/components/smarttub/_ @mdz
homeassistant/components/smarty/_ @z0mbieprocess
homeassistant/components/smhi/_ @gjohansson-ST
tests/components/smhi/_ @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/sms/_ @ocalvo
homeassistant/components/smtp/_ @fabaff
tests/components/smtp/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/solaredge/_ @frenck
tests/components/solaredge/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/solaredge_local/_ @drobtravels @scheric
homeassistant/components/solarlog/_ @Ernst79
tests/components/solarlog/_ @Ernst79
homeassistant/components/solax/_ @squishykid
tests/components/solax/_ @squishykid
homeassistant/components/soma/_ @ratsept @sebfortier2288
tests/components/soma/_ @ratsept @sebfortier2288
homeassistant/components/somfy/_ @tetienne
tests/components/somfy/_ @tetienne
homeassistant/components/sonarr/_ @ctalkington
tests/components/sonarr/_ @ctalkington
homeassistant/components/songpal/_ @rytilahti @shenxn
tests/components/songpal/_ @rytilahti @shenxn
homeassistant/components/sonos/_ @cgtobi @jjlawren
tests/components/sonos/_ @cgtobi @jjlawren
homeassistant/components/spaceapi/_ @fabaff
tests/components/spaceapi/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/speedtestdotnet/_ @rohankapoorcom @engrbm87
tests/components/speedtestdotnet/_ @rohankapoorcom @engrbm87
homeassistant/components/spider/_ @peternijssen
tests/components/spider/_ @peternijssen
homeassistant/components/splunk/_ @Bre77
homeassistant/components/spotify/_ @frenck
tests/components/spotify/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/sql/_ @dgomes
tests/components/sql/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/squeezebox/_ @rajlaud
tests/components/squeezebox/_ @rajlaud
homeassistant/components/srp_energy/_ @briglx
tests/components/srp_energy/_ @briglx
homeassistant/components/starline/_ @anonym-tsk
tests/components/starline/_ @anonym-tsk
homeassistant/components/statistics/_ @fabaff @ThomDietrich
tests/components/statistics/_ @fabaff @ThomDietrich
homeassistant/components/steamist/_ @bdraco
tests/components/steamist/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/stiebel_eltron/_ @fucm
homeassistant/components/stookalert/_ @fwestenberg @frenck
tests/components/stookalert/_ @fwestenberg @frenck
homeassistant/components/stream/_ @hunterjm @uvjustin @allenporter
tests/components/stream/_ @hunterjm @uvjustin @allenporter
homeassistant/components/stt/_ @pvizeli
tests/components/stt/_ @pvizeli
homeassistant/components/subaru/_ @G-Two
tests/components/subaru/_ @G-Two
homeassistant/components/suez_water/_ @ooii
homeassistant/components/sun/_ @Swamp-Ig
tests/components/sun/_ @Swamp-Ig
homeassistant/components/supla/_ @mwegrzynek
homeassistant/components/surepetcare/_ @benleb @danielhiversen
tests/components/surepetcare/_ @benleb @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/swiss_hydrological_data/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/swiss_public_transport/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/switch/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/switch/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/switch_as_x/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/switch_as_x/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/switchbot/_ @danielhiversen @RenierM26
tests/components/switchbot/_ @danielhiversen @RenierM26
homeassistant/components/switcher_kis/_ @tomerfi @thecode
tests/components/switcher_kis/_ @tomerfi @thecode
homeassistant/components/switchmate/_ @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/syncthing/_ @zhulik
tests/components/syncthing/_ @zhulik
homeassistant/components/syncthru/_ @nielstron
tests/components/syncthru/_ @nielstron
homeassistant/components/synology_dsm/_ @hacf-fr @Quentame @mib1185
tests/components/synology_dsm/_ @hacf-fr @Quentame @mib1185
homeassistant/components/synology_srm/_ @aerialls
homeassistant/components/syslog/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/system_bridge/_ @timmo001
tests/components/system_bridge/_ @timmo001
homeassistant/components/tado/_ @michaelarnauts
tests/components/tado/_ @michaelarnauts
homeassistant/components/tag/_ @balloob @dmulcahey
tests/components/tag/_ @balloob @dmulcahey
homeassistant/components/tailscale/_ @frenck
tests/components/tailscale/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/tankerkoenig/_ @guillempages
homeassistant/components/tapsaff/_ @bazwilliams
homeassistant/components/tasmota/_ @emontnemery
tests/components/tasmota/_ @emontnemery
homeassistant/components/tautulli/_ @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/tellduslive/_ @fredrike
tests/components/tellduslive/_ @fredrike
homeassistant/components/template/_ @PhracturedBlue @tetienne @home-assistant/core
tests/components/template/_ @PhracturedBlue @tetienne @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/tesla_wall_connector/_ @einarhauks
tests/components/tesla_wall_connector/_ @einarhauks
homeassistant/components/tfiac/_ @fredrike @mellado
homeassistant/components/thethingsnetwork/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/threshold/_ @fabaff
tests/components/threshold/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/tibber/_ @danielhiversen
tests/components/tibber/_ @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/tile/_ @bachya
tests/components/tile/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/time_date/_ @fabaff
tests/components/time_date/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/tmb/_ @alemuro
homeassistant/components/todoist/_ @boralyl
tests/components/todoist/_ @boralyl
homeassistant/components/tolo/_ @MatthiasLohr
tests/components/tolo/_ @MatthiasLohr
homeassistant/components/tomorrowio/_ @raman325
tests/components/tomorrowio/_ @raman325
homeassistant/components/totalconnect/_ @austinmroczek
tests/components/totalconnect/_ @austinmroczek
homeassistant/components/tplink/_ @rytilahti @thegardenmonkey
tests/components/tplink/_ @rytilahti @thegardenmonkey
homeassistant/components/traccar/_ @ludeeus
tests/components/traccar/_ @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/trace/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/trace/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/tractive/_ @Danielhiversen @zhulik @bieniu
tests/components/tractive/_ @Danielhiversen @zhulik @bieniu
homeassistant/components/trafikverket_train/_ @endor-force @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/trafikverket_weatherstation/_ @endor-force @gjohansson-ST
tests/components/trafikverket_weatherstation/_ @endor-force @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/transmission/_ @engrbm87 @JPHutchins
tests/components/transmission/_ @engrbm87 @JPHutchins
homeassistant/components/tts/_ @pvizeli
tests/components/tts/_ @pvizeli
homeassistant/components/tuya/_ @Tuya @zlinoliver @METISU @frenck
tests/components/tuya/_ @Tuya @zlinoliver @METISU @frenck
homeassistant/components/twentemilieu/_ @frenck
tests/components/twentemilieu/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/twinkly/_ @dr1rrb @Robbie1221
tests/components/twinkly/_ @dr1rrb @Robbie1221
homeassistant/components/unifi/_ @Kane610
tests/components/unifi/_ @Kane610
homeassistant/components/unifiled/_ @florisvdk
homeassistant/components/unifiprotect/_ @briis @AngellusMortis @bdraco
tests/components/unifiprotect/_ @briis @AngellusMortis @bdraco
homeassistant/components/upb/_ @gwww
tests/components/upb/_ @gwww
homeassistant/components/upc_connect/_ @pvizeli @fabaff
homeassistant/components/upcloud/_ @scop
tests/components/upcloud/_ @scop
homeassistant/components/update/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/update/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/updater/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/updater/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/upnp/_ @StevenLooman @ehendrix23
tests/components/upnp/_ @StevenLooman @ehendrix23
homeassistant/components/uptime/_ @frenck
tests/components/uptime/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/uptimerobot/_ @ludeeus @chemelli74
tests/components/uptimerobot/_ @ludeeus @chemelli74
homeassistant/components/usb/_ @bdraco
tests/components/usb/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/usgs_earthquakes_feed/_ @exxamalte
tests/components/usgs_earthquakes_feed/_ @exxamalte
homeassistant/components/utility_meter/_ @dgomes
tests/components/utility_meter/_ @dgomes
homeassistant/components/vacuum/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/vacuum/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/vallox/_ @andre-richter @slovdahl @viiru-
tests/components/vallox/_ @andre-richter @slovdahl @viiru-
homeassistant/components/velbus/_ @Cereal2nd @brefra
tests/components/velbus/_ @Cereal2nd @brefra
homeassistant/components/velux/_ @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/venstar/_ @garbled1
tests/components/venstar/_ @garbled1
homeassistant/components/vera/_ @pavoni
tests/components/vera/_ @pavoni
homeassistant/components/verisure/_ @frenck
tests/components/verisure/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/versasense/_ @flamm3blemuff1n
homeassistant/components/version/_ @fabaff @ludeeus
tests/components/version/_ @fabaff @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/vesync/_ @markperdue @webdjoe @thegardenmonkey
tests/components/vesync/_ @markperdue @webdjoe @thegardenmonkey
homeassistant/components/vicare/_ @oischinger
tests/components/vicare/_ @oischinger
homeassistant/components/vilfo/_ @ManneW
tests/components/vilfo/_ @ManneW
homeassistant/components/vivotek/_ @HarlemSquirrel
homeassistant/components/vizio/_ @raman325
tests/components/vizio/_ @raman325
homeassistant/components/vlc_telnet/_ @rodripf @MartinHjelmare
tests/components/vlc_telnet/_ @rodripf @MartinHjelmare
homeassistant/components/volkszaehler/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/volumio/_ @OnFreund
tests/components/volumio/_ @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/volvooncall/_ @molobrakos @decompil3d
homeassistant/components/wake_on_lan/_ @ntilley905
tests/components/wake_on_lan/_ @ntilley905
homeassistant/components/wallbox/_ @hesselonline
tests/components/wallbox/_ @hesselonline
homeassistant/components/waqi/_ @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/water_heater/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/water_heater/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/watson_tts/_ @rutkai
homeassistant/components/watttime/_ @bachya
tests/components/watttime/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/waze_travel_time/_ @eifinger
tests/components/waze_travel_time/_ @eifinger
homeassistant/components/weather/_ @fabaff
tests/components/weather/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/webhook/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/webhook/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/webostv/_ @bendavid @thecode
tests/components/webostv/_ @bendavid @thecode
homeassistant/components/websocket_api/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/websocket_api/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/wemo/_ @esev
tests/components/wemo/_ @esev
homeassistant/components/whirlpool/_ @abmantis
tests/components/whirlpool/_ @abmantis
homeassistant/components/whois/_ @frenck
tests/components/whois/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/wiffi/_ @mampfes
tests/components/wiffi/_ @mampfes
homeassistant/components/wilight/_ @leofig-rj
tests/components/wilight/_ @leofig-rj
homeassistant/components/wirelesstag/_ @sergeymaysak
homeassistant/components/withings/_ @vangorra
tests/components/withings/_ @vangorra
homeassistant/components/wiz/_ @sbidy
tests/components/wiz/_ @sbidy
homeassistant/components/wled/_ @frenck
tests/components/wled/_ @frenck
homeassistant/components/wolflink/_ @adamkrol93
tests/components/wolflink/_ @adamkrol93
homeassistant/components/workday/_ @fabaff
tests/components/workday/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/worldclock/_ @fabaff
tests/components/worldclock/_ @fabaff
homeassistant/components/xbox/_ @hunterjm
tests/components/xbox/_ @hunterjm
homeassistant/components/xbox_live/_ @MartinHjelmare
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_aqara/_ @danielhiversen @syssi
tests/components/xiaomi_aqara/_ @danielhiversen @syssi
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_miio/_ @rytilahti @syssi @starkillerOG @bieniu
tests/components/xiaomi_miio/_ @rytilahti @syssi @starkillerOG @bieniu
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_tv/_ @simse
homeassistant/components/xmpp/_ @fabaff @flowolf
homeassistant/components/yale_smart_alarm/_ @gjohansson-ST
tests/components/yale_smart_alarm/_ @gjohansson-ST
homeassistant/components/yamaha_musiccast/_ @vigonotion @micha91
tests/components/yamaha_musiccast/_ @vigonotion @micha91
homeassistant/components/yandex_transport/_ @rishatik92 @devbis
tests/components/yandex_transport/_ @rishatik92 @devbis
homeassistant/components/yeelight/_ @zewelor @shenxn @starkillerOG @alexyao2015
tests/components/yeelight/_ @zewelor @shenxn @starkillerOG @alexyao2015
homeassistant/components/yeelightsunflower/_ @lindsaymarkward
homeassistant/components/yi/_ @bachya
homeassistant/components/youless/_ @gjong
tests/components/youless/_ @gjong
homeassistant/components/zeroconf/_ @bdraco
tests/components/zeroconf/_ @bdraco
homeassistant/components/zerproc/_ @emlove
tests/components/zerproc/_ @emlove
homeassistant/components/zha/_ @dmulcahey @adminiuga
tests/components/zha/_ @dmulcahey @adminiuga
homeassistant/components/zodiac/_ @JulienTant
tests/components/zodiac/_ @JulienTant
homeassistant/components/zone/_ @home-assistant/core
tests/components/zone/_ @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/zoneminder/_ @rohankapoorcom
homeassistant/components/zwave_js/_ @home-assistant/z-wave
tests/components/zwave_js/_ @home-assistant/z-wave
homeassistant/components/zwave_me/_ @lawfulchaos @Z-Wave-Me
tests/components/zwave_me/_ @lawfulchaos @Z-Wave-Me

# Individual files

/homeassistant/components/demo/weather.py @fabaff

# Remove codeowners from files

/homeassistant/components/\*/translations/
